# Web Forms
---
For this project, I put together a 2 page survey for Iowa undergradute students. The survey included a page to gather personal information on the student, including age and school year, as well as a page that asked questions about their lifestyle, including how much they sleep and study on average. 

My web form follows best practices in many ways, one being the inclusive options provided for the gender selection. Instead of just keeping it simple and doing male, female, non-binary, and prefer not to answer, I added in more options to be more inclusive to people who might not identify with any of those groups. Not only does this help individuals taking my survey to feel more included but it can help with analysis of the data as I won't have a large population choosing "Prefer not to say".

Another good web form practice I followed was using autofocus so that when someone pulls up my survey, the first input box is already selected and they can start filling it out immediately. This helps with the flow of my survey and makes it easier for those individuals who might not want to be filling out a survey. I also added page numbers to the bottom of the page to let anyone who may be filling out the survey to know how far they are into it and how much they have left. This can also help to keep individuals interested and they can estimate how long the survey will take and can see when they are getting close to finishing. 

A third thing I did to make my web form easy to follow and accessible was keeping the design simple and making sure that the background and font colors I chose passed the WCAG validation test. This helps users with bad eye sight to be able to see things better and can make my form all around easier to follow and read for anyone who is taking the survey. Alongside this, I kept the layout of the survey simple and easy to follow with labels on all questions to make it easier for individuals to complete my survey.
